src/pages/about/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: about-page
path: /about
title: About our values
---
##Test to see if I can change the exisintg MD files
This is to see if I should use the command "git fetch"
### Shade-grown coffee

Coffee is a small tree or shrub that grows in the forest understory in its wild form, and traditionally was grown commercially under other trees that provided shade. The forest-like structure of shade coffee farms provides habitat for a great number of migratory and resident species.

### Single origin

Single-origin coffee is coffee grown within a single known geographic origin. Sometimes, this is a single farm or a specific collection of beans from a single country. The name of the coffee is then usually the place it was grown to whatever degree available.

### Sustainable farming

Sustainable agriculture is farming in sustainable ways based on an understanding of ecosystem services, the study of relationships between organisms and their environment. What grows where and how it is grown are a matter of choice and careful consideration for nature and communities.

### Direct sourcing

Direct trade is a form of sourcing practiced by some coffee roasters. Advocates of direct trade practices promote direct communication and price negotiation between buyer and farmer, along with systems that encourage and incentivize quality.

### Reinvest profits

We want to truly empower the communities that bring amazing coffee to you. That’s why we reinvest 20% of our profits into farms, local businesses and schools everywhere our coffee is grown. You can see the communities grow and learn more about coffee farming on our blog.

Commit message:

Making changes to aboutpage from VS Code

src/pages/about/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: about-page
path: /about
title: About our values
---

##Test to see if I can change the exisintg MD files

This is to see if I should use the command "git fetch"
This is to see if I can push the code from VS Code.

### Shade-grown coffee

Coffee is a small tree or shrub that grows in the forest understory in its wild form, and traditionally was grown commercially under other trees that provided shade. The forest-like structure of shade coffee farms provides habitat for a great number of migratory and resident species.

### Single origin

Single-origin coffee is coffee grown within a single known geographic origin. Sometimes, this is a single farm or a specific collection of beans from a single country. The name of the coffee is then usually the place it was grown to whatever degree available.

### Sustainable farming

Sustainable agriculture is farming in sustainable ways based on an understanding of ecosystem services, the study of relationships between organisms and their environment. What grows where and how it is grown are a matter of choice and careful consideration for nature and communities.

### Direct sourcing

Direct trade is a form of sourcing practiced by some coffee roasters. Advocates of direct trade practices promote direct communication and price negotiation between buyer and farmer, along with systems that encourage and incentivize quality.

### Reinvest profits

We want to truly empower the communities that bring amazing coffee to you. That’s why we reinvest 20% of our profits into farms, local businesses and schools everywhere our coffee is grown. You can see the communities grow and learn more about coffee farming on our blog.
